update CHANGELOG (#754)
MapsPeople/docs: src/changelogs/web/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Labels on Google Maps now support linebreaks. A label containing `\n` will now be broken into two lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Labels on Google Maps now support line breaks. A label containing `\n` will now be broken into two lines.
```
